lesson 6 players in the shopping center you usually ha me
like this
us last century to shine I talked about
which is very important laying out the first
finger it means pupils usually play
so very important already push 2 says
take me smooth
motion
vegans
this is going down
why do we need a howitzer
in order to hear the intervals
spacing pc
what at which potency
for example, we long live her account
which no black guy means
fingering squirrel remains 3 2 1
a blade of grass starts with 3 fingers of it
there is a table here is a table and money
now I recommend first treating in
then one more when
better to play a few there for example
you are now very important with greg and
do not keep the same asked I will cook
which is formed at vivier
usually very deputies play
I advise you to learn this separately
elements then connects in this lesson I
spoke and run the termination of the shoes to the cat in an instant
and hearing interval Thais
formed items on we her
laying the first finger lesson
the seventh is called chord
chords are formed by the deceased sound
gamma house burns this first 3 5 st
rubles
chords happens we talk about three
you will be on support important these steps
I move the limit as such is formed
code move where called
treatment 2y facing boredom is over
a place
they will carry portable to appeal
called without making the bottom sound
work on alunite we talk about three
sonorous hunting here they are on the table
are shown
mean fingering of these right hands 1 3
1 2
and then you can left hand it is necessary
memorize this what these funds do
appeals
now i will say the appeal is 4 sonorous
it turns out 4
these same fingers would persist
I also advise you to start playing weights on
every turn then a place in this lesson I
talked about the chord and the audience tour
chords and about the treatment of these victims
so 7 8 lesson is called look for arpeggios
formed by the same steady sound
chord so which is preserved
therefore choose consistently
I want to say a long cartridges long
page
form about partitions
hello there and breed petya that means
then get even more traffic to me
helped first finger so
kindly requested that
on
but
I advise 5 the same want to play first
within one
you are a teacher when the tour because like others
pager and then player kornush
still want to add flu control
the third exists inside well done it
25 but sounds even more beautiful
Well, well there when it remains
the same short and gunny fingering of these
about putting aside your first finger on this
out of cold